During this second assignement we were given the task of finding out how the project with requirements. How do developers decide on what to implement. We also analysed the whole project system in order to design Use Case diagrams and a Domain Model.

__Requirements__

This project is not the most active when it comes to requirements elicitation. MageX is based on the card game Magic: The Gathering. Games are usually well defined systems, as they don't face big enough changes for there to be huge changes in requirements. The fact is that, in this case, developers are creating a board game and most of the time they contribute to the project, they are creating new cards(that is, adding new content), so the only requirements they have to follow are the ones they set for themselves(ex: what the new card should do) and base requirements(that is, the ones made when the game was created). Therefore, when someone decides they want to develop something new, they only need to make sure they follow the game specifications/rules. They do face a new requirements every time they create something new. If someone is creating a new card, they should upfront know what the card should and should not do, and how users should be able to interact with it. However, the fact that so many contributions are basically new content that doesn't really change the game, requirements don't change either. No matter how many cards they create, the game will in its core always be the same, because it follows a strict pattern given by Magic: The Gathering. This makes all requirements elicitation technices non existent in this project.
